Dewikification - Create content app (#393)
discord-python/site: pydis_site/apps/content/resources/guides/pydis-guides/how-to-contribute-a-page.md

Nested folders represent page categories on the website. Each folder under the root folder must include a `_info.yml` file with the following:

```yml
name: Category name
description: Category description
```

All the markdown files in this folder will then be under this category.

## Writing the Page
Files representing pages are in `.md` (Markdown) format, with all-lowercase filenames and spaces replaced with `-` characters.

Each page must include required metadata, and optionally additional metadata to modify the appearance of the page.
The metadata is written in YAML-like key-value pairs, and should be enclosed in triple dashes `---` *at the top of the markdown file*.

**Example:**
```yaml
---
title: How to Contribute a Page
description: Learn how to write and publish a page to this website.
icon_class: fas
icon: fa-info
relevant_links:
    Contributing to Site: https://pythondiscord.com/pages/contributing/site/
    Using Git: https://pythondiscord.com/pages/contributing/working-with-git/
---

Pages, which include guides, articles, and other static content,...
```

> You can learn more about Markdown metadata [here](https://github.com/trentm/python-markdown2/wiki/metadata).

Reviewer: Is it still appropriate to link to markdown2 docs?

Reviewer 2: The information still holds, but now that we're using a separate library for frontmatter which uses `pyyaml` to build the metadata instead of whatever homegrown parser `markdown2` uses, I'll remove the line.

---
title: How to Contribute a Page
description: Learn how to write and publish a page to this website.
icon_class: fas
icon: fa-info
relevant_links:
    Contributing to Site: https://pythondiscord.com/pages/contributing/site/
    Using Git: https://pythondiscord.com/pages/contributing/working-with-git/
---

> Pages, which include guides, articles and other static content are stored in markdown files in the `site` repository on Github.

Reviewer: Serial comma + comma at the end of the apositive.
```suggestion
Pages, which include guides, articles, and other static content, are stored in markdown files in the `site` repository on Github.
```

As website changes require staff approval, discussing the page content beforehand helps with accelerating the contribution process, and avoids wasted work in the event the proposed page is not accepted.

## Creating the Page
All pages are located in the `site` repo, at the path `pydis_site/apps/content/resources/`. This is the root folder, which corresponds to the URL `www.pythondiscord.com/pages/`.
For example, the file `pydis_site/apps/content/resources/hello-world.md` will result in a page available at `www.pythondiscord.com/pages/hello-world`.

Nested folders represent page categories on the website. Each folder under the root folder must include a `_info.yml` file with the following:

```yml
name: Category name
description: Category description
```

All the markdown files in this folder will then be under this category.

## Writing the Page
Files representing pages are in `.md` (Markdown) format, with all-lowercase filenames and spaces replaced with `-` characters.

> Each page must include required metadata, and optionally additional metadata to modify appearance of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each page must include required metadata, and optionally additional metadata to modify the appearance of the page.
```

The metadata is written in YAML-like key-value pairs, and should be enclosed in triple dashes `---` *at the top of the markdown file*.

**Example:**
```yaml
---
title: How to Contribute a Page
description: Learn how to write and publish a page to this website.
icon_class: fas
icon: fa-info
relevant_links:
    Contributing to Site: https://pythondiscord.com/pages/contributing/site/
    Using Git: https://pythondiscord.com/pages/contributing/working-with-git/
---

> Pages, which include guides, articles and other static content...

Reviewer: For consistency.
```suggestion
Pages, which include guides, articles, and other static content, ...
```

```

You can learn more about Markdown metadata [here](https://github.com/trentm/python-markdown2/wiki/metadata).

### Required Fields
- **title:** Easily-readable title for your article.

> - **description:** Short, 1-2 line description that describes the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description:** Short, 1-2 line description of the page's content.
```

### Optional Fields
- **icon_class:** Favicon class for the category entry for the page. Default: `fab`
- **icon:** Favicon for the category entry for the page. Default: `fa-python` <i class="fab fa-python is-black" aria-hidden="true"></i>
- **relevant_links:** A YAML dictionary containing `text:link` pairs. See the example above.

## Extended Markdown

> Apart from standard markdown, certain additions are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from standard Markdown, certain additions are available:
```

### Tables

| This is header | This is another header |
| -------------- | ---------------------- |
| An item        | Another item           |
| Big item       | Small item             |

> 

Reviewer: Aren't tables part of "standard" Markdown?

Reviewer 2: [It's not](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax) unless I'm mistaken, it's just that most markdown implementations support it.

Reviewer: Okay fair enough.

### Codeblock Syntax Highlighting
Syntax highlighting is provided by `highlight.js`.
To activate syntax highlighting, put the language directly after the starting backticks.

```python
import os

path = os.path.join("foo", "bar")

> ```

Reviewer: This should be in a code block so that the raw Markdown is visible.
